docs/tutorial: Better images and check for §1.1.4 (#4548)
buildbot/buildbot: master/docs/tutorial/docker.rst

.. image:: _images/index.png
   :alt: index page

> Click on "Builds" at the left to open the submenu and then `Builders <http://localhost:8010/#/builders>`_ to see that the worker you just started has connected to the master:

Reviewer: sub-menu

Author: I see that sort of incorrect suggestion a lot from spell checkers, for some reason. But according to the [OED](https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/submenu) and [Merriam-Webster](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/submenu) it's fine (with only MW listing "sub-menu" as a variant).

I prefer it without the hyphen, parallel to some other common words taking a "sub" prefix ("substation" over "sub-station", "substandard" over "sub-standard") but I'm not going to bikeshed, so take this fix if you feel strongly about it.

```suggestion
Click on "Builds" at the left to open the sub-menu and then `Builders <http://localhost:8010/#/builders>`_ to see that the worker you just started has connected to the master:
```
